Client Side:
What is HTML? Is it a programming language? markup language, not a programming language because it's only read, no computations can be done in it...
What are some tags in HTML? What tags are required?
What is the syntax for a making a tag?
What are some attributes tags can have?
How do we take user input with HTML? //HTML forms
What are some examples of input elements?
What ways can I send that info to a url?
What is CSS? What is it's role in the browser?
What ways can we apply style to an element?
How can we select elements to be styled?
What are some examples of css attributes?
What is the box model?
How does CSS selector precedence work?
What is Bootstrap?
How does the Bootstrap grid system work?
What is JavaScripts role in the browser? js makes web dynamic? do whatever you want..
What is the DOM? It's structure?
How can we find html elements in js?
How do I use js to respond to events?
How can I send an http request to a url?
How can we change event's default functionality?
How can we make a new element? Add it to the tree?
innerText vs innerHtml?
What are events? Some examples?
What is bubbling? Capturing?

JavaScript:
What is es6?
What does it stand for?
What does it mean for javascript?
How do we make a variable in javascript?
What are the scopes of variables?
Which variables have which scopes?
What are the types of javascript?
What are the differences between types for no value?
How do we make strings in javascript?
How do we declare a function in javascript?
Where can we declare a function in javascript?
How do function params work?
What are default Params, ...params?
What is pass by value? How does it work?
What is a callback function?
Difference between synchronous and asynchronous?
How do we do flow control in javascript?
What operators do our expressions have?
== vs ===?
What are truthy falsey values?
What are short circuit operators?
What are the guard and default operators?
How can we make objects in javascript?
How to add fields after they exist?
What is prototypical inheritance?
How do arrays work in javascript?
What are methods we use with arrays?
How does arrays sizing work?
What is functional programming?
What are first class functions, pure functions?
Why do we want immutable data?
What is a closure in javascript?
What are the 4 steps to get one?
What can we use them for?
What are the pieces that give javascript its asynchronous nature?
How do those pieces work together?
Do we have multithreading in javascript?
